Command Line Interface (Experimental)
======================================
*\*The command line interface is an under-development feature that is not supported in the 3.0.0 release*

The command line interface (CLI) is a text-based interface used to interact with the ServiceX backend.
The client provides a new command in your shell,
``servicex``. This command uses a series of subcommands to work with
various functions of serviceX. It is installed automatically when you install the servicex frontend package.

Common command line arguments:

+-----+----------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| F   | Long     | What it does                                        |
| lag | Flag     |                                                     |
+=====+==========+=====================================================+
| -b  | –backend | Named backend from the .servicex file endpoints     |
|     |          | list                                                |
+-----+----------+-----------------------------------------------------+

If no backend is specified then the client will attempt to
use the ``default_endpoint`` value to determine who to talk to.

deliver
~~~~~~~
This command is used to submit a yaml configuration file to the serviceX backend.
It will print the paths to the resulting files.

Provide the path to the configuration file as an argument to the command.

codegens
~~~~~~~~

Commands that interact with code generators deployed on a backend.

list
^^^^

List the available code generators for the selected backend.

transforms
~~~~~~~~~~

These commands interact with transforms that have been run

list
^^^^

List transforms associated with the current user. Add the ``--complete``
flag to only show transforms that have completed.

files
^^^^^

List the files along with their size generated by a transform. Specify
the transform request id as an argument to this command.

download
^^^^^^^^

Download the files from a transform to a local directory. Specify the
transform request id as an argument to the command and the directory to download to with
``-d``. Defaults to downloading files to the current working directory.

delete
^^^^^^

Delete a transform and its associated result files. Provide the transform request ID as an argument.

cancel
^^^^^^

Cancel a running transform. Provide the transform request ID as an argument.

cache
~~~~~

These commands allow you to work with the query cache maintained by the
serviceX client.


list
^^^^

Show all of the cached transforms along with the run time, code
generator, and number of resulting files. Submitted submissions are
also listed with the run date and file count shown as ``Submitted``.

delete
^^^^^^

Delete a specific transform from the cache. Provide the transform
request ID with the ``-t`` or ``--transform-id`` arg.

clear
^^^^^

Clear all of the transforms from the cache. Add ``-y`` to force the
operation without confirming with the console.

datasets
~~~~~~~~

These commands interact with datasets cached on the server

list
^^^^
List all of the datasets cached on the server. Accepts a command line argument
of ``--did-finder`` to filter the list of datasets by a specific DID finder such
as ``rucio`` or ``user``. By default this will filter out deleted datasets. They
are still in the cache, but marked as stale. To see deleted datasets, use the
``--show-deleted`` flag.

get
^^^
Get details about a specific dataset. Provide the dataset ID as a parameter. This
Will list the physical file paths found for each file in the dataset.

delete
^^^^^^
Delete a specific dataset from the cache. Provide the dataset ID as a parameter. This
will force the service to re-query the dataset for the next request.
